_pages/tag-archive.md, before:

---
title: "Spaces"
permalink: /tags/
layout: tags
author_profile: true
---


![](/img/GitHub.png){:style="height:55px;"} [Github](https://github.com/MareGraph-EU) 
## Publications
Biodiversity Information Science and Standards 8: e136697: [The European MAREGRAPH Project: Enhancing Marine Data Interoperability through Semantic Knowledge Graphs](https://biss.pensoft.net/article/136697/)

## Related   
- [LDES Registry](https://imec-int.github.io/ldes-registry/): Registry of known endpoints   
- [MEC LDES client 2 sparql](https://github.com/rdf-connect/ldes2sparql)  
- [VSDS testbed](https://github.com/Informatievlaanderen/VSDS-Testbed)​

### News
- [NCP testimonial](https://ncpflanders.be/testimonials/maregraph-towards-an-interoperable-marine-knowledge-graph)

## Semantic Assets  
[MareGraph assets](https://github.com/MareGraph-EU/assets)


## Deliverables
You can find us on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/communities/maregraph/?page=1&size=20)

- [D2.1 Guidelines on process and methodology for organisational interoperability (Version 1)](https://zenodo.org/records/8167337)
- [D2.2 Guidelines on process and methodology for organisational interoperability](https://zenodo.org/records/14215013)
- [D2.3 - Results of the Community Building](https://zenodo.org/records/14592032)
- [D2.4 - Summary of the results of disseminaton actvites](https://zenodo.org/records/15780700)
- [D3.1 – Preliminary ontology design and development](https://zenodo.org/records/10849372)
- [D3.2 – Final ontology design and development](https://zenodo.org/records/15593409)
- [D4.1 - Architecture Whitepaper](https://zenodo.org/records/8318832)
- [D4.2 - VLIZ publishing authoritative LDESes](https://zenodo.org/records/18230325)
- [D4.3 - Testbed publishing and republishing of the data](https://zenodo.org/records/18230453)
- [D4.4 - LDES-based Web Indexes](https://zenodo.org/records/18229740)
- [D5.1 - WoRMS/LOD Gap Analysis](https://zenodo.org/records/8354364)
- [D5.2 - WoRMS/LOD](https://zenodo.org/records/18230127)
- [D5.4 - EurOBIS/LOD](https://zenodo.org/records/18229504)

### Presentations 
- [WP4 - Architecture Overview](https://zenodo.org/records/10083644)
- [WP5 WoRMs/LOD Implementation Plan Presentation](https://zenodo.org/records/10083478)
- [WP5 EurOBIS/LOD Implementation Plan Presentation](https://zenodo.org/records/13890124)

#### Videos

Pre- conference workshop for SEMIC 20214: Cross-border Semantic Interoperability. The workshop explores the various stages of the data model lifecycle. We discussed what resources are currently available for reuse and delve into the authoring of new models while avoiding common quality pitfalls. [SEMIC 2024 Pre-Conference Workshop: Cross-border Semantic Interoperability](https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&v=3TXLDbpkRzQ&list=PLTqrUzsdFBKZmeePo_C8WnKrRGg6cG5K_&index=2&t=1s&ab_channel=InteroperableEurope)

Biodiversity Information Standards TDWG 2025 conference: SYM14 Emergence of Integrated Public Collection Services: Today’s DES experiences for tomorrow’s successes. [Alessando Russo - The European MAREGRAPH project: enhancing marine data interoperability through semantic knowledge graphs https://doi.org/10.3897/biss.8.136697](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWrGZe-0pAc&list=PLD9-DRLWVl0nrwFMOYUHe-W82m2VCJjyJ&index=28)

This exclusive webinar brought together four pioneering EU-funded projects—Open Maps for Europe 2 (OME2), MAREGRAPH, RODEO, and BeOpen. This event showcased their collaborative efforts to revolutionise the landscape of High Value Datasets (HVDs).[Transforming & Exploiting High Value Datasets Synergies in EU Open Data Projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtCRwCzlrrY)


<br>
<br>

<div style="border: 2px solid #888; border-radius: 12px; padding: 20px; max-width: 500px; background-color: #f2f2f2; margin: 20px auto; text-align: center; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.05);">
  <h2 style="color: #444; margin-bottom: 10px;">Have you used our ontology?</h2>
  <p style="color: #555; margin-bottom: 20px;">We’d love to hear your feedback.</p>
  <a href="mailto:info@maregraph.eu" style="background-color: #666; color: #fff; padding: 10px 18px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 6px; font-weight: bold;">Tell us what you think</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add new publications on RDF-Connect framework
Added two new publications related to RDF-Connect and data processing pipelines.

_pages/tag-archive.md, after:

---
title: "Spaces"
permalink: /tags/
layout: tags
author_profile: true
---


![](/img/GitHub.png){:style="height:55px;"} [Github](https://github.com/MareGraph-EU) 
## Publications
Biodiversity Information Science and Standards 8: e136697: [The European MAREGRAPH Project: Enhancing Marine Data Interoperability through Semantic Knowledge Graphs](https://biss.pensoft.net/article/136697/)

Linking application and semantic data with RDF Lens Vercruysse, A.; Pots, Jens.; Rojas Meléndez, Julián.; Colpaert, Pieter. (2024). [RDF-Connect: A declarative framework for streaming and cross-environment data processing pipelines](https://ceur-ws.org/Vol-3830/paper1.pdf). 

RDF-Connect: A declarative framework for streaming and cross-environment data processing pipelines. Vercruysse, A.; Rojas Meléndez, Julián.; Colpaert, Pieter. (2024). [Linking application and semantic data with RDF Lens](https://ceur-ws.org/Vol-3830/paper1.pdf](https://ceur-ws.org/Vol-3759/paper13.pdf)). 


## Related   
- [LDES Registry](https://imec-int.github.io/ldes-registry/): Registry of known endpoints   
- [MEC LDES client 2 sparql](https://github.com/rdf-connect/ldes2sparql)  
- [VSDS testbed](https://github.com/Informatievlaanderen/VSDS-Testbed)​

### News
- [NCP testimonial](https://ncpflanders.be/testimonials/maregraph-towards-an-interoperable-marine-knowledge-graph)

## Semantic Assets  
[MareGraph assets](https://github.com/MareGraph-EU/assets)


## Deliverables
You can find us on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/communities/maregraph/?page=1&size=20)

- [D2.1 Guidelines on process and methodology for organisational interoperability (Version 1)](https://zenodo.org/records/8167337)
- [D2.2 Guidelines on process and methodology for organisational interoperability](https://zenodo.org/records/14215013)
- [D2.3 - Results of the Community Building](https://zenodo.org/records/14592032)
- [D2.4 - Summary of the results of disseminaton actvites](https://zenodo.org/records/15780700)
- [D3.1 – Preliminary ontology design and development](https://zenodo.org/records/10849372)
- [D3.2 – Final ontology design and development](https://zenodo.org/records/15593409)
- [D4.1 - Architecture Whitepaper](https://zenodo.org/records/8318832)
- [D4.2 - VLIZ publishing authoritative LDESes](https://zenodo.org/records/18230325)
- [D4.3 - Testbed publishing and republishing of the data](https://zenodo.org/records/18230453)
- [D4.4 - LDES-based Web Indexes](https://zenodo.org/records/18229740)
- [D5.1 - WoRMS/LOD Gap Analysis](https://zenodo.org/records/8354364)
- [D5.2 - WoRMS/LOD](https://zenodo.org/records/18230127)
- [D5.4 - EurOBIS/LOD](https://zenodo.org/records/18229504)

### Presentations 
- [WP4 - Architecture Overview](https://zenodo.org/records/10083644)
- [WP5 WoRMs/LOD Implementation Plan Presentation](https://zenodo.org/records/10083478)
- [WP5 EurOBIS/LOD Implementation Plan Presentation](https://zenodo.org/records/13890124)

#### Videos

Pre- conference workshop for SEMIC 20214: Cross-border Semantic Interoperability. The workshop explores the various stages of the data model lifecycle. We discussed what resources are currently available for reuse and delve into the authoring of new models while avoiding common quality pitfalls. [SEMIC 2024 Pre-Conference Workshop: Cross-border Semantic Interoperability](https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&v=3TXLDbpkRzQ&list=PLTqrUzsdFBKZmeePo_C8WnKrRGg6cG5K_&index=2&t=1s&ab_channel=InteroperableEurope)

Biodiversity Information Standards TDWG 2025 conference: SYM14 Emergence of Integrated Public Collection Services: Today’s DES experiences for tomorrow’s successes. [Alessando Russo - The European MAREGRAPH project: enhancing marine data interoperability through semantic knowledge graphs https://doi.org/10.3897/biss.8.136697](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWrGZe-0pAc&list=PLD9-DRLWVl0nrwFMOYUHe-W82m2VCJjyJ&index=28)

This exclusive webinar brought together four pioneering EU-funded projects—Open Maps for Europe 2 (OME2), MAREGRAPH, RODEO, and BeOpen. This event showcased their collaborative efforts to revolutionise the landscape of High Value Datasets (HVDs).[Transforming & Exploiting High Value Datasets Synergies in EU Open Data Projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtCRwCzlrrY)


<br>
<br>

<div style="border: 2px solid #888; border-radius: 12px; padding: 20px; max-width: 500px; background-color: #f2f2f2; margin: 20px auto; text-align: center; box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.05);">
  <h2 style="color: #444; margin-bottom: 10px;">Have you used our ontology?</h2>
  <p style="color: #555; margin-bottom: 20px;">We’d love to hear your feedback.</p>
  <a href="mailto:info@maregraph.eu" style="background-color: #666; color: #fff; padding: 10px 18px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 6px; font-weight: bold;">Tell us what you think</a>
</div>
